Adding testing scenarios (#2038)
microsoft/devhome: test/TestingScenarios/DevHome.md

# Dev Home Core Tests
Please manually verify these scenarios.  This is required for all PRs that affect Dev Home.

## Scenarios
Please make sure to verify all these scenarios.

1. User can install Dev Home

> 1. User can click all 'learn more' links on the Introducing Dev Home page
> 1. User can click on “Connect accounts” button in the “Introducing Dev Home” page to navigate to Settings-> Accounts page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On first launch from new installation, user is brought to the "Introducing Dev Home" page

### Introducing Dev Home page
1. User can click "Get started" to be brought to the Machine configuration page
1. User can click "Explore extensions" to be brought to the Extensions page
1. User can click "Pin widgets" to be brought to the Dashboard page
1. User can click “Connect accounts” to be brought to Settings -> Accounts page
1. User can click all "learn more" links on the Introducing Dev Home page
1. User can resize the window and card sizes are responsive
```
